Add looking forward section to rationale page (#81)
melange-re/melange-re.github.io: docs/rationale.md

Melange](https://tech.ahrefs.com/ahrefs-is-now-built-with-melange-b14f5ec56df4)
and the new public releases that support it: version 3.8 of Dune and 1.0 of
Melange.

## Looking forward

> While reaching version 1 marks a major milestone for Melange, it is
> only the beginning of the journey.  The Melange team remains committed to
> continuously improving Melange, ensuring it remains a robust and
> efficient tool for OCaml developers targeting the JavaScript platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While reaching v1.0 marks a major milestone for Melange, it is only the 
beginning of the journey. The Melange team remains committed to
continuously improving Melange, ensuring it remains a robust and efficient
tool for OCaml developers targeting the JavaScript platform.
```

> The [Q2 2023

Reviewer 2: @anmonteiro @mooreryan In a couple of weeks we will be in Q3 already, so this will be obsolete. Is there a way we can adapt the new "Looking forward" section to avoid quick obsolescence? Maybe we could add a `/roadmap` section in the documentation site and link to it instead of the google doc?

Reviewer: Sorry for not giving you a chance to review; you bring up a great point.

I like the idea of having a roadmap page / section where we list all the documents we've written as part of planning out the melange roadmap. That'd give a good historical view of what has been worked on, along with promoting transparency.

Reviewer 2: np 👍  created https://github.com/melange-re/melange-re.github.io/issues/82 for now.

Melange](https://tech.ahrefs.com/ahrefs-is-now-built-with-melange-b14f5ec56df4)
and the new public releases that support it: version 3.8 of Dune and 1.0 of
Melange.

## Looking forward

While reaching version 1 marks a major milestone for Melange, it is
only the beginning of the journey.  The Melange team remains committed to
continuously improving Melange, ensuring it remains a robust and
efficient tool for OCaml developers targeting the JavaScript platform.
The [Q2 2023
roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1279euT9LeJIkwAUYqazqeh2lc8c7TLQap2_2vBNcK4w/)

> includes short and long term goals for the project, including
> cherry-picking relevant upstream patches from the ReScript compiler,
> adding support for OCaml 5, supporting source maps, improving
> developer experience, and developing a playground for Melange.

Reviewer: This will get outdated very quickly, so let's not include it.

```suggestion
includes short and long term goals for the project.
```
